{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Terms and Conditions of Use:
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Last Updated: June 6, 2015
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Please make sure to read the following terms of use through their entirety. In downloading, accessing, or using any of the products of Squirrel List, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions that are listed. These Terms and Conditions are a legal binding that can directly affect your rights, so please be sure that you agree to our Terms and Conditions or do not use our Services.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In the event that we party with a third-party organization to provide a service that is used in a Squirrel List Service, we will do our best to convey this organization\'92s Terms and Agreements, as well as Privacy Policy, to you. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Privacy Policy:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 Our Privacy Policy is included into our Terms and Conditions. In agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, you also agree to enter into our Privacy Policy. For further information regarding the Privacy Policy, you will be able to find it in its entirety here (Insert Link to Privacy Policy)
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 User Content:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 Our Services include the creation and storage of content that may include names, photos, texts, and other materials. Any of this content is viewable to the other users in a group. If you wish to keep some of the materials private, you \'a0Any data usage costs or penalties incurred while using our services are the responsibility of the user. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In agreeing to our Terms, you acknowledge that you are responsible for any content that you have created using our Services. This means that Squirrel List is neither responsible nor liable for any claims that arise from this content. However, as the host of the content, Squirrel List retains the right to review content and deem it inappropriate or delete it at any time and for any reason. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Feedback:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 By agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, you agree that any feedback you deliver to Squirrel List, through email, directly, or through our \'93Feedback\'94 options, is non-confidential and becomes solely the property of Squirrel List. You cannot be paid for any ideas you provide us through the aforementioned mediums, as you waived any rights in regards to the feedback when we received it. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Squirrel List Content:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Any and all materials used in Squirrel List, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, code, designs, layout, and photographs, are protected via copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and all other encompassing intellectual property laws. Any unauthorized use of the materials listed here, as well as some others not listed here, is a violation of Squirrel List\'92s Terms of Use. By agreeing to our Term and Conditions, you certify that you will not copy, reproduce, republish, sell, modify, or exploit in any way any Squirrel List content, be it concrete materials or services. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Prohibited Activities:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 By agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, you certify that you will not violate any of the aforementioned restrictions, and that you will not:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use Squirrel List services for any illegal purpose beyond the intended scope of the services; this includes using the services in any way that may damage Squirrel List\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do anything that compromises the security of the Services we provide\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exploit our services to solicit any non-relevant material to other users\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employ tools to extract data from our Services\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attempt to access another user\'92s account and its information without their consent\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Manipulate the Services in any way that can lead to you being able to view the source code\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Indicate a relationship of support between us and any product you may be trying to link us to\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Engage in any harassing or intimidating acts that will dissuade other users from our Services\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Knowingly engage in activities that may violate the Terms and Conditions or Services \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Account Security:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Upon opening an account with Squirrel List, you accept that all responsibility for any activities that occur while logged in falls into your hands. You acknowledge that, if you should engage in any activity with a third-party source or otherwise, that results in the leaking of your account information, Squirrel List is not liable for any information that is stolen or collected as a result. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 When creating your Squirrel List account, we ask for your phone number to verify the account. Your carrier\'92s text messaging and data fees are still applicable for mobile number verification. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}